README.md, before:

# MLV Filesystem (MLVFS)
Here is the beginning for a [Filesystem in UserSpace (FUSE)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Filesystem_in_Userspace) approach to interacting with Magic Lantern's MLV video files.  For discussion, here is the [forum thread](http://www.magiclantern.fm/forum/index.php?topic=13152.0).

## Linux
Install FUSE in the manner appropriate for your distribution.
You can compile `mlvfs` from the command line using `make`.

    mlvfs <mount point> --mlv_dir=<directory with MLV files>

To unmount the filesystem:

    fusermount -u <mount point>

## OS X
Install [OSXFUSE](http://osxfuse.github.io/).
You can compile either using the Xcode application or using the command-line tools.

    mlvfs <mount point> --mlv_dir=<directory with MLV files>

Unmounting the filesystem is done through the typical methods.

## Windows
Unfortunately, there is no FUSE solution for Windows.  For the time being, it is possible to use a Linux VM to serve the MLVFS filesystem to a Windows host, although it will be inefficient.  Here are the steps:

In the Linux VM:

1. Make sure that the Linux VM is networked with the Windows host
2. Configure Samba to share the local folder that will be used as the MLVFS mount point
3. Configure FUSE to allow other users (namely `smbd`) to use your mount points by editing `/etc/fuse.conf` (requires `sudo`) and uncommenting the line `user_allow_other` (and also make sure that `fuse.conf` is world-readable)
4. Run the MLVFS mount command with the additional command-line option `-o allow_other`, e.g.:

    mlvfs <mount point> --mlv_dir=<directory with MLV files> -o allow_other

In the Windows host, connect to the shared folder, e.g.:

    \\<Linux hostname>\<mount point share>

Commit message:

Updated README with Windows support via PFM

README.md, after:

# MLV Filesystem (MLVFS)
Here is the beginning for a [Filesystem in UserSpace (FUSE)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Filesystem_in_Userspace) approach to interacting with Magic Lantern's MLV video files.  For discussion, here is the [forum thread](http://www.magiclantern.fm/forum/index.php?topic=13152.0).

## Linux
Install FUSE in the manner appropriate for your distribution.
You can compile `mlvfs` from the command line using `make`.

    mlvfs <mount point> --mlv_dir=<directory with MLV files>

To unmount the filesystem:

    fusermount -u <mount point>

## OS X
Install [OSXFUSE](http://osxfuse.github.io/).
You can compile either using the Xcode application or using the command-line tools.

    mlvfs <mount point> --mlv_dir=<directory with MLV files>

Unmounting the filesystem is done through the typical methods.

## Windows
There is no FUSE solution for Windows, but an alternative approach that
functions in much the same way is
[Pismo File Mount Audit Package](http://www.pismotechnic.com/pfm/ap/).
Download and install PFMAP, and then register the MLV formatter DLL:

    pfm register mlvfs.dll

Unlike the FUSE approach on the other platforms, you mount each MLV file
individually: right-click on an MLV file and select "Quick Mount".

If you wish, you can build the MLV formatter DLL yourself by installing the
Windows SDK and running `nmake` using the SDK command prompt in the `mlvfs/win`
directory.
